in the car industry the last set seems to be just about steel 2
emissions addition now yes then you can also the car manufacturer that reported the bbc
Moreover
even with sports car manufacturer such as porsche and ferrari that is a bit
has a kind more and that porsche luncht the panamera in drenthe
drive the room more today
and that car now comes for serving maybe just in time
from baden würtenberg that is the state that porsche has established
a green prime minister and the man from enschede and we see in his veins
Hurting this car comes exactly at the right time
the engine room is not
the left engine peeters with a contract from dam known for old instruments
if he supplies the 333 hp is connected to an electric motor of course that
delivers 47 hp and if peak power is 380 hp the best you can do with it
but don't forget the feet he knows poultry feed
where do they get that with the new tires more explanation to give more questions than
you get a hefty dip
reached another point between borssele
it could be sporting enough fast enough we play well
the powertrain
very nice the electric motor with the Flemish government the descent and rent or on
the highway up to 165 kilometers per hour is releasing the gas
it is about sufficient for free run
can also be a disadvantage if you go down a bit
as a result, the ranking on the engine emulates the possibilities to head up
my physical that the system works flawlessly and you don't feel at all
the transfer of drive a disconnection of the shares
the device is this open day but porsche gives a time of 0 on its own
to 100 in 6 seconds
a top speed of 270 so the performance is very close
from that of the porsche panamera
the expectations
preud'homme group is using the car
Tang finds that use
the hefty 5 or 6 descent not to admire that was very bad
you only get with special ones
the polluter
however, not that those tires would come across a liter at 100 kilometers
must be
He hopes the defense asks Houthalen years ago from the Summer Event
on-board computer
what we have heard today and beyond, were not spared and from
were preferred
the boat now has the thirteen-strong band and the best 31
in the top 100 at October 31
that reported that's a lot of that whole bunch of breasts
that should drive
the three fall we drove the fairly solid today but we have too
Well found between the restless highway leads to ten drops it
use stitches well below the rivers and then it falls seven
liter in a hundred that is the citizen but pay
yes the panamera have martijn buy you have the actor couple in it
special
In informing the room you are not waiting for a hope that you are talking about it
the fall position on the board 7
Moreover yes I do not know if I am this film politically correct but for the
outside world with a normal fit in a porsche
the company does he has his daughter m that is a portion of fruit great
dr
a
h